It’s a success story of fraternal twins, Mr. X and Mr. Y . They went to college. They were freshman in the college. One of them was jack-of-all-trades, master of none while the other one was number-one-man in the field of mechanics. He was master in his work. Apart from studying he used to spend some man-hours in his desired field. Their mother tongue was French and they were both Frenchmen. Although their father was a Dutchman. 

After completing their master’s degree, Mr. X started a master plan and became a businessman who controlled various distinct businesses. He was a organization man and a captain for all. Apart from that he was a nobleman. Once a newsman came to interview him man-to-man and asked about his business and personal life. He told him that he had 2000 men working for his company and his company even deals with protecting Mother Nature by launching some products related to that as he thought protecting mankind is also important. He told about his girlfriend who was a heroine and her name was  Miss Rosy who later became his wife and became a housewife. She was heiress to 40 percent of his property. Being filthy rich he had governess for his children, maid and guardsman in his house. He was key man of his house. Apart from that he was also a funnyman. He was not a publicity man. His right-hand man was Mr. Bob, the most trustworthy of all. He was his always yes-man. Mr. Bob was his taskmaster. Mr. X  was so successful because of his man’s work to reach this position. 

Mr. Y was also very successful. He made a mechanical man because of which he was a spokesman in the field of mechanics. Apart from that he had sportsmanlike spirit. All these qualities made him man of distinction. He was marked man and a go getter. He was man of action but was also man-eater because of which  he could not be awarded man of the year. Although he made a man-sized robot, he was not considered masterful because he did not treated the men working for him with respect. He did not even gave respect to the his office boy. He used to treat common man like anything.

So, two brothers with same motherhood can be different. All depends on greed. Mr. Y with his masterpiece, could not get respect and Mr. Y became a headman for many. This is because world is no-man’s-land. So, respect everyone.